If you sat in a puddle of your piss long enough, would your legs disintegrate?
If you punch yourself, and it hurts, are you weak or strong?
Every letter "C" in Pacific Ocean is pronounced differently.
If your son became a priest, should you call him father?
If bedbugs are called that because they're found in beds, what about cockroaches?
If a soldier in WW2 is digging a trench, and then an unexploded shell from WW1 exploded and killed him, is it a WW1 casualty? or a WW2 casualty?
Whenever a woman dies, a gate to the physical world closes.
When you do a push-up, you’re actually trying to push the Earth down.
If there's ice cream in Zootopia then who's getting milked?
If you stand on earth, then a whole planet is under your feet.
Living is just dying, but the most inefficient way possible.
When we close our eyes, do we really close them or just look at the backs of our eyelids?
If there's nothing faster than light, how does the darkness get there first?
If I weigh 99 pounds, and eat a pound of nachos, am I 1% nachos?
When you drop the soap on the floor, is the floor clean? or is the soap dirty?
Which orange came first, the fruit? or the color?
If 2 vegans are arguing, is it still beef?
If you were born deaf, what language would you think in?
If you get out of the shower clean, how did your towel get dirty?
If Apple makes a car, will it still have windows?
When we yawn, do deaf people think we're yelling?
If you're waiting for the waiter, aren't you the waiter?
Why aren't iPhone charges just called apple juice?
If you work as security at the Samsung store, does that make you a Guardian of the Galaxy:tm:?
How do you throw away a garbage can?
When you buy a bigger bed, you're left with more bed room, but less bedroom.
Have you ever felt the bugs on you, when there's no bugs on you? Those are the ghost of the bugs that you've killed.
When you clean a vacuum cleaner, aren't you the vacuum cleaner?
What is life?
Nothing is ever really on fire, but rather fire, is on things.
If life is unfair to everyone, does that mean life is actually fair?
If I get scared half to death, twice, what then?
Why is it called taking a dump, when we're leaving it?
Kinda funny that being \"down\" for something and \"up\" for something means the same thing.
If you're in the living room, and you pass away, did you die? or are you just knocked out?
Why is the pizza box a square, when the pizza is a circle, and the slice, is a triangle.
Why is it called a building, when it's already built?
How does a sponge hold water, when it's full of holes? (Explainable but still in here just cuz)
The blinks from your eyes gets removed from your memory.
What would happen if pinocchio says: \"My nose will grow now\"?
Actors pretend to work.
People who need glasses, just got bad graphics.
Why is bacon called bacon, and cookies called cookies, if you cook bacon, and bake cookies?
Do clothes in China just say \"Made down the road\"?
If your shirt isn't tucked into your pants, is your pants tucked into your shirt?
If you're invisible, and you close your eyes, can you see through your eyelids?
A firetruck is actually a watertruck.
Why are deliveries on a ship called \"cargo\", but in a car, it's called a \"shipment\"?
If one teacher can't teach all subjects, why is one child expected to study all subjects?
Are oranges named orange, because oranges are orange? or is orange named orange, because oranges are orange?
What happens to the car if you press the break, and the accelerator, at the same time? Does it take a screenshot?
The youngest picture of you is the oldest picture of you.
If we have watermelon, shouldn't we have firemelon, earthmelon, and airmelon? the elemelons.
Why do we drive in parkways, but park in driveways?
If you really think about it, your burps, are just your puke's fart.
If it rains on a sunday, does that mean it's now a rainday?
Your alarm sound is technically your theme song, since it plays at the start of every episode.
Clapping, is just hitting yourself repeatedly, because you like something.
The more I light my lighter, the lighter my lighter gets, until it's too light to light.
Do you realize that history classes are only going to get longer, and more difficult, as time goes on?
What if every country in the world has ninjas, but we only know about Japan's ninjas, because they are bad ninjas?
Isn't it weird that we have a little voice in our heads? Like the one you used to read this.
Why is there a D in fridge, but not in refrigerator?
Every book you've ever read, is just a remix of the dictionary.
If you stab a cereal box, are you a cereal killer?
When you're talking, you can't breathe out through your nose.
Neil A. Armstrong, is the first person to step on the moon. Neil A., spelt backwards, is Alien.
You don't need a parachute to skydive, you only need a parachute to skydive twice.
Mirrors don't break they only multiply.
Ever realize that humans cut down bird houses, to make more bird houses?
If two mind readers are reading each other's minds, whose mind is being read?
Your fingers have fingertips, but your toes don't have toe tips, yet you can tip toe, but not tip finger.
If \"Tomb\" is pronounced \"Toom\", and \"Womb\" is pronounced \"Woom\", why isn't \"Bomb\" pronounced \"Boom\"? (And what's up with \"Indict\" anyways?)
How can you replicate the feeling of falling from high altitudes in a nightmare, if you've never fallen like that before?
Ice cubes float in a pool of their own blood.
If you try to fail, but end up succeeding, which did you actually do?
Why does food get cold, but drinks get hot?
Are robots that fix other robots, engineers? Or doctors?
Are leaves called \"leaves\" because they leave the tree?
If you pour ice water on a hotdog, does it become a chilly dog?
You technically have two minutes to live. But everytime you breathe, it restarts the timer.
The word \"nun\" is just the letter \"n\" doing a cartwheel.
Taxes are just a yearly subscription to the country that you live in. Childhood is the free trial.
If your parents always told you not to take candy from strangers, then what is halloween?
Your eraser slowly dies because of your mistakes.
The number of people older than you, will no longer increase.
If a fly loses its wings, is it now called a walk?
Would Lightning McQueen:tm: get car insurance? Or life insurance?
If you sweat in a sweater, does that make you the sweater?
How come your lips don't touch when you say \"touch\", but they do when you say \"separate\"?
If Earth is the third planet from the sun, doesn't that mean that every country is a Third World country?
Light bulb was such a good idea, they became the symbol for a good idea.
Lawyers hope you get sued, doctors hope you get sick, cops hope you're a criminal, mechanics hope you have car trouble, but only a thief wishes you prosperity.
They say The Asteroid killed all the dinosaurs, you could also say it killed many birds with one stone.
Reading a book, is looking at a dead tree and hallucinating.
When you say \"Forward\" or \"Back\", your lips move in that direction.
Popcorn is explosion frozen in time, that you can eat.
Cold toilet seats are physically uncomfortable, warm toilet seats are mentally uncomfortable.
Have you ever noticed that water is simply a drink where the temperature determines the taste?
\"I'm sorry\" and \"I apologise\" have the same meaning, except when you're at a funeral.
Two wrongs don't make a right. But three lefts do.
When you ask for someone's name, you're just asking what kind of noise you should make to get their attention.
Why does natural spring water that has been flowing for hundreds of years, have an expiration date? (bottled water)
If you took care of chickens, wouldn't that make you a chicken tender?
Why does your nose run, but your feet smell?
Did you know that if you take the value of Pi and hold it up to a mirror, it actually spells \"Pie\"? (3.14, Pie)
Water is just a portal to a universe where we can fly, but can't breathe.
If snails are so slow, why do we never see them coming? It's like boom, there's a snail.
Mosquitoes use blood to make their eggs, that means you're 1/3 their father.
To us humans, Fall is a beautiful colourful season. But to the plants, it's probably a season of mass, terrifying deaths.
Why don't jedis just turn off their opponent's lightsaber? By force pushing the button.
If you think about it, football (or soccer) is just professional leg toss.
Who invented swear words? Like, did they just wake up one day and say: \"These words are bad\"?
If a bull is sleeping, is it called a bulldozer?
Why do bullies always ask \"What's the problem?\", when they're obviously not gonna solve it?
If you are what you eat, that means only cannibals are humans.
Why do I have to lift weight, to lose weight?
You always have teeth stuck in between your teeth.
Scrambled eggs are just technically stir-fried.
If you try dying, you will die, trying.
Waffles are just pancakes with abs.
There's a dog in this world that has the world record for the most barks, but they have no idea.
If CDs were spun in the opposite direction, would it say everything backwards?
How did they get the air inside the bubble wrap?
The first 18 years of your life is a free trial. After that, it is pay-to-play.
Are you really telling the truth, if you lie in bed?
If the sky is the limit, then is space over the limit?
Cigarettes are sold in gas stations, but you can't even smoke them there.
If you are over the age of 30, then you're currently older than every dog on planet Earth.
Getting a new set of teeth would be a lot more helpful at age 60, then at age 6.
Today, is the oldest you've ever been. But the youngest you'll ever be again.
Archaeologists are just grave robbers with a degree.
Bean bags, are just a boneless couch.
Birth certificates are really just baby receipts.
A bass is just a sad guitar.
Tobacco companies end up killing their best customers.
Lumberjacks are just professional tree hunters.
One day on New Years, you're gonna celebrate the year you die.
You can't see what you look like, you can only trust mirrors and pictures.
If Buzz Lightyear:tm: believed that he wasn't a toy, then why does he always freeze when a human walk by?
Evil is just live, backwards.
If time stopped, would we even notice it?
Why do we have to pretend to sleep to fall asleep?
You can be overwhelmed, and underwhelmed, but just never whelmed.
Water is just boneless ice.
Fishing would be a lot less popular if fish could scream.
Once you hit age 70, pretty much any jail sentence is a life sentence.
Why is a carrot more orange than an orange?
Wine is just grape juice with alcohol.
\"swims\" upside down is still just \"swims\".
Commas, are just speed bumps, for reading.
Baby centers are just off-brand kidnappers.
When you think about it, it's always high noon somewhere in the world. (McCree nooo)
Why do we never actually put suits in suitcases?
A snowman, is quite literally, a body of water.
Your dog will truly never know how much you love them.
You'll never know what a room full of mirror really looks like.
When you fall asleep, you're just time travelling, seconds, minutes, or hours ahead, from the moment you lay down.
People with hearing aids have a built-in mute button.
Lawnmowers are just, grass blenders.
Everything becomes homework, when you graduate highschool.
Putting \"LOL\" at the end of your sentence, is just adding your own laugh track.
The king of hearts is the only king in a deck that doesn't have a mustache.
Leaving your house 1 minute earlier, or 1 minute later, could drastically change your future.
Is a small pig called a hamlet?
Only 1 of the bois, will be at all of the funerals.
You're probably in the background of hundreds of photos, that you'll never see.
Every time you stand up, you're on your way to take a seat.
The better the Weekend, the harder the Monday. (ehh)
Why aren't shorts half the price of pants?
Your past self is both old you, and young you.
Somewhere on Earth, your exact place of death is waiting for you to show up.
Home is where you trust the toilet seat. (meh)
Chalk boards are just dark mode white boards.
If you say you're smart, people automatically think you're not smart. (pretty obvious)
At any giving point, your future self is thinking about the now you.
A bicyclist riding with no hands is basically a unicyclist with a training wheel.
Roughly 0.133^-20% of the population dies everytime you snap.
People who complaining about fruits not belonging on pizza are forgetting that pizza sauce is fruit based. (equality for my broccoli banana pizza)
The better a dating app is, the faster you're supposed to delete it.
Learning more advanced math basically just unlocks more buttons on the calculator.
Rain is like a really long artillery strikes for insects.
Marvin the Martian was the red in space jam because he's an alien, and also a looney tune, making him the perfect neutral party. (gonna have to google those reference to understand this)
An image of earth is actually just a group selfie where no one paid attention to the camera.
If an object is large enough, it becomes a location.
There's an entire country of people with the same accent as shrek. (the scots)
The majority of views on Never Gonna Give You Up:tm: were most likely unwitting. (not knowing; unaware)
Being born increases your chances of death by 100%. (everyone who drank water dies)
Mechanics might disagree but eye drops are technically blinker fluid.
It's 2021, and we still can't un-press an elevator. (idk)
Girl sure do put in a lot of effort to smell good just to be creeped out when a guy tells them that they smell good.
Drone companies use drones to file their drones when they're trying to sell us drones.
Gas stations in the olden days were bails of hay. (?)
A hamburger doesn't have a front or back until you bite it.
Saying everyone on earth excludes about 6 people. (some people orbit)
There is no fall damage, only landing damage.
After honey was discovered, there was likely a period of time, where humans were tasting every slime that came out of insects.
If you're self-employed, and you talk to yourself at work, it's just a staff meeting.
Being an adult is when your friends come over, you hang out in the living room. Not your bedroom. (idk about that)
Our life is a huge circle of not wanting to go to bed and not wanting to leave the bed.
What if one day a dog randomly said \"Nobody is going to believe you\" and just never spoke again?
If someone says they're cooler than you, that makes you hotter than them.
If you had a dollar for everytime a girl found you unattractive, they'll eventually find you attractive.
We should change \"LOL\" to \"NE\" because that's all we really do when we found something funny online.
You have probably never formally introduced yourself to your siblings.
If you spill a cleaning product, is it still a mess?
Technically you are always starving to death, eating just reset the timer.
Crispy is just crunchy, but thin.
The first person to ever die, has the longest record of not moving.
We cook ourselves in the sun to look tasty to other people.
It's impossible to say: \"Stop telling people what to do.\" without being a hypocrite.
Patting your pocket is like checking your inventory. (because it is)
Nothing makes you sweat like realizing you forgot to put on deodorant. (not really...)
Being healthy is just the slowest possible way of dying.
Dying of old age is like dying of not dying.
Don't text and drive signs on the highway are probably not seen by their targeted demographic.
Your skull doesn't have any facial expression, your flesh just moves around in it.
People who step up two steps at the same time are both active and lazy.
You can play the game of chess and checkers on the same board, which makes the chessboard the first ever gaming platform.
You can throw a rock into a lake and be the last person to touch that rock until the end of time.
Boneless wings is just a way to make adults fell better about ordering chicken nuggets.
The tallest person in the world has experienced being the exact height of every other person in the world at some point.
It's 2020, and I've still never seen toasters with a countdown. (you just gotta search for them)
Your eyelids slide so smoothly against your eye.
If you're rich enough, parking tickets are just how much it costs to park there.
Police should wear red and blue light up shoes to signal a chase on foot.
Why is it when we picture someone who still lives with their parents at age 20 or 30, we think of a man?
Due to coin flips, George Washington still makes decisions to this day.
All children deserve parents, but not all parents deserve children.
A paper cut is a tree's last revenge.
Holding your breath to get rid of hiccups is like turning your lungs off and on again.
People ask what you do for a living, so they can calculate the amount of respect they will give you.
You have the same amount of gold medals as almost everybody that's been in the olympics.
Traditions are basically dead people pressuring us.
When you're a kid, you don't realize that you're also watching your mom and dad grow up.
The quality of the toilet paper in the office bathroom is a pretty good indicator of how they treat their employees.
Memes are just inside jokes with people you don't know.
We think eyeglasses make people look smart, but they failed a test to get them.
Getting the last word in person feels like winning but sending the last text feels like losing.
Rapunzel's neck must've been really strong.
The sinking of the Titanic must've been a miracle for the lobsters in the kitchen.
I wonder if the reason dogs follow us to the toilet is cuz we follow them when they go, and they think that's just how it works.
If Goldilocks tried 3 beds, that means that momma and papa slept separately, meaning that baby bear is the only thing keeping the family together.
Your dog doesn't know you can make mistakes. So when you trip over him in the dark at night, he thinks you got up just to kick him in the head.
\"Do not touch\" would be a really unsettling thing to read in braille.
If you think of the unthinkable, doesn't that make it thinkable?
When playing a video game, easy mode is just hard mode for the bad guys.
The brain may have named itself, but it also recognized that it named itself. And was surprised when it realized that.
Being shot with an arrow is basically being long distance stabbed.
By law, our cars have to be road worthy but roads don't have to be car worthy.
The first person to inhale helium must've been so relieved when the effects wore off.
Peer pressure for adults is them seeing their neighbour mow their lawn.
You're only being creepy if the other person isn't attracted to you.
When someone asks you if you're ticklish, there's a 0% chance of you leaving that conversation untouched.
Drinking water with a minty mouth is the cold version of spicy.
The guy that figured out babies instinctively hold their breath underwater probably had a lot of explaining to do.
In the future, self-driving cars are going to drive themselves back to the dealership when payments are missed.
Pinterest is like the virus that infected Google image search.
The best liar you know is not the best liar you know.
The Apple logo represents that you'll never quite get the full product.
The only part of the reflection you can lick is your tongue. (think mirrors)
Too many birthdays will kill you.
You don't realize how hard you chew your food until you bite your tongue.
Not being invited to a wedding is both insulting, and relieving at the same time. (can't relate)
When I talk to someone in a dream, I have no idea what the other person is gonna say. Even tho it's my brain creating the entire conversation.
Unless you're famous, tweeting is just sending a text message to nobody in particular.
Being scared to end a relationship is like having that "are you sure you want to quit, any unsaved progress will be lost" in real life.
I work for one of the richest companies in the world sounds a lot better than I work at Walmart.
The Star Wars:tm: series is set mainly in outer space, and yet, they've never had a zero gravity scene.
Social anxiety is basically conspiracy theories about yourself.
You can save 100% by staying home on Black Friday.
If you win a year's worth of calendars, do you only win one calendar?
We complain that everything is expensive. And yet when sold cheap, we automatically assume it's defective or fake.
Calves drink their mother cow's milk until one day they're old enough to realize that they can just eat the floor. (not the case but ok...)
I wonder if one day \"don't judge a book by its cover\" will morph into \"don't judge a video by its thumbnail\".
Sleeping in is considered lazy, but going to bed early isn't.
It would be really weird if emotional drama had cry tracks, similar to sitcoms with laugh tracks.
The baby in the sun from Teletubbies is 25-26 years old now.
We pay rappers to brag about the money we give them.
We fully expect thousands of people to die every day but are shocked when it's someone we know.
How fast you go up the stairs is a good indication of what mood you're in.
Adults made the \"Don't talk back to me\" rule because kids are too good at roasting them.
Buying beats headphones is like buying a car that looks like a Ferrari but performs like a focus.
Caramel is like honey had a hotter sister.
You and your best friend won't be at each other's funeral.
Prescription glasses must be of the most expensive, yet least stolen items.
You think anyone has ever said \"I can't move my arms\" in sign language?
If you mouth the word \"Colorful\" it'll look like you're saying \"I love you\".
If you rip a hole in a net, there's actually fewer holes then before.
You can only buy used mirrors.
Two people could be born at the exact same time, but because of timezones, have different birthdays.
Marriage is marketed as the beginning of a woman's life but the end of a man's.
It's perfectly possible that you crossed path with a murderer who looked at you and thought \"Nah, not them\".
Most board games have one winner and multiple losers but Jenga has one loser and multiple winners.
We take for granted that most snaked and spiders are solitary animals. Imagine them traveling in packs.
The mark of good writing is you getting angry at the characters for the decisions the make, not the writers for having them make those decisions. (are we hating on sakura or the writer?)
Trying to carry everything in one trip is working hard to be lazy.
Labelling something \"Military Grade\" makes it seem so high quality. Unless it's food.
If time is money, then death is bankruptcy.
You just broke your personal record for most consecutive days lived.
Money doesn't change people, it only unlocks characters that were jailed by poverty.
Nobody knows who was the most successful criminal in history because they've never been caught.
You never actually clean up a mess, you just move it somewhere else.
Giving a murderer the death sentence is the biggest UNO reverse card.
Pain only exists to tell you it shouldn't be there.
Different people will read this in different accents.
Chinese tourists buy souvenirs made in their own country. (not SEA chinese tho)
Famous movie quotes are credited to the actor that said them, not the actual writers. (some are improv tho)
Smelling is just breathing normally but thinking about it more.
You will never be as lazy as the person who named the fireplace.
When you're younger, you try to impress people by how expensive your item is, but as you get older, you try to impress them by how cheap you got it for.
All waiting rooms should have complimentary phone chargers.
Why does \"fat chance\" and \"slim chance\" mean the same thing? (fat chance that you'll fail, slim chance that you'll succeed)
I bet attractive people think the world is a lot more polite than it really is.
I wonder what has caused the world more harm, people doing their job, or people neglecting to do it.
Odds are, you didn't get away with a lie, someone just didn't feel like calling you out on it.
A massage is just professional petting for humans.
In our dreams, we never wonder why our phones aren't interesting anymore.
Tapes have side A and B, so it's logical that their successor would be called the CD.
Babysitters are teenagers that act like grown-ups so that Grown-ups can go out and act like teenagers. (what about work?)
\"Go to bed. You'll feel better in the morning.\" is just the human version of turn it off and turn it back on again.
You choose when to go to sleep, but not when to fall asleep.
You could have recently held money that you had years ago.
Insects probably think that glass is some sort of force field.
You can't move your top teeth.
Selling the Wii:tm: in france must've been really hard.
Cause spiders molt, everytime you think you see a spider, it could be the skin of a live spider that is now bigger than it was before.
Somewhere in the world, there's a tree growing your coffin.
2019 is the last year that ends in \"teen\" for the rest of our lives.
If you choke on a piece of ice, it all comes down to how long you can hold your breath.
The reason every celebrity who collabs with McDonald's:tm: never has ice cream as part of the meal is because the ice cream machine is always broken.
The person who writes the song is the real musician while the singer is his/her/it's/Non-binary/whatever-their-pronoun-is' instrument.
Birds probably think telephone poles are a special kind of tree.
There are more teeth in the world than people.
Characters in a book can never be smarter than the author. (except history books or characters written by someone else)
April Fool's Day is the risk-free day to propose to someone. (it ain't)
We dream in first person, but we daydream in third person.
If you live 70 years, you spent ten years on Monday.
You either exercise because you hate your body, or because you love your body.
People who look at the sun are stargazing.
When we say someone is hot, we think of their appearance. But when we say someone is cold, we think of their personality.
If \"Sat\" is past tense of \"Sit\", then \"Fat\" is past tense of \"Fit\".
If you run in front of a car, you get tired. But if you run behind a car, you get exhausted.
Dating a person just because they're attractive is the equivalent of taking a job just because of the paycheck.
There's dozens of different flavors of apples, but only one flavor of apple juice.
When you pay with your credit card, you're paying with your future earnings. And when you pay with your debit card, you're paying with your past earnings (duh)
I wonder if Usain Bolt can actually run way faster than he can right now, but he's holding it in just in case someone ever breaks his record.
If you become a teacher right after college, you essentially went to school for your whole life.
Cigarettes and alcohol are the only products that openly criticize themselves on their own packaging.
What if Tom and Jerry are actually friends, but Tom has to Act like he hates Jerry, so the owner won't replace him with a real cat that will kill him? (||they are friends||)
Deaf people may think in a non-existent language since they've never heard English before. (duh)
Dreams are sleep movies that your brain directs.
Why isn't there mouse flavoured cat food? (it might exist)
How old do you have to be for it to be considered that you died of old age?
Humans are time travelers that can only skip one second at a time forward. (have you heard about sleeping?)
When we go to sleep, are we just seeing another dimension?
Are chickens considered animals or birds? or both? (||flightless birds, and birds are animals. are insects animals?|| ||apparently yes||)
Why is tea not called leaf juice?
A bear with no teeth is a gummy bear.
A gasp is just a backwards sigh.
Baby butterflies don't exist. (cuz caterpillars)
\"Quiet\" is often said really loud.
Ketchup is refrigerated at home, but not in restaurants.
Winter is the only season that you experience twice a year. (unless you're in the other half of the world)
You could remove any one letter from the word \"Seat\" and still be left with a real word.
Going to pee and then immediately drinking water is like changing your own oil.
The top of the hand sanitizer bottle must be so dirty.
Ears are smoke detector detectors.
A broken titanic model is technically still correct.
A pair of scissors and two scissors represent two different quantities or scissors.
If your hairdresser says your hair looks nice after a haircut, they're technically complimenting themselves.
Gibberish backwards is still gibberish.
Bruce Wayne fell into a cave of rats instead of bats, we'd have a Ratman instead of a Batman.
Your hand size determines the size of your sign language font. (and shape)
We live in space, but nobody thinks about it because we're grounded on a planet.
In over 18 years, I still don't think I've ever seen a turtle in SpongeBob. (what about tony?)
Up until a certain point in our history, we had no idea that caterpillars and butterflies were the same creatures.
Eventually, most of the content on the internet will be from dead people.
Santa could literally bomb the entire world in one night.
As you age, you go to less birthday parties, and more funerals.
You aren't paid by how hard you work, you're paid by how hard you are to replace.
Camping is just being homeless for fun.
Toothpaste is just soap for your teeth.
Sand is just beach dandruff.
Thanks to the internet, you no longer have to meet your heroes to be disappointed.
You are an extra in the background of someone else's life.
Ventriloquist must be really fun at the dentist office.
When you take notes in history class, you're technically rewriting history.
Life's the only game where you get progressively weaker with more experience.
In the near future, automatic or manual will refer to the car's steering rather than its transmission.
There a very high chance you've had the same dollar bill multiple times in your life. (similar to another one)
If you're at a zoo, and you see a bald eagle, you are looking at the American symbol of freedom in captivity.
Have you ever wondered if you bought milk from the same cow twice? (technically most milk are mixed together)
I wonder how many cars drove by that could have had someone kidnapped in the backseat, but I had no clue.
\"Tag\" stands for \"Touch and Go\".
This comment could have been the last comment someone saw before they died. (highly unlikely)
Each breath you take is close to your last.
If you're the youngest in the family, you'll most likely be at everyone's funeral.
Being ugly is just playing life on hard mode.
You and someone else are probably reading this at the exact same time. (if not this message, this specific string on text)
Someone went to bed for the very last time today, and they had no idea.
You have probably seen strangers on the last day of their lives.
I wonder if there's time on the clock that I've never seen.
Being born a billionaire is like starting a game already completed with everything unlocked.
Imagine how much scarier the ocean would be, if we could fall through it like we fall from the air.
You will never know what memories you lost. (ehh you'll know what type for some)
When someone asks you which way to the beach, you can literally point in any direction and be correct. (technically, there could be beaches in other planets)
How come \"Good morning\" and \"Good afternoon\" are greetings, but \"Good night\" os a goodbye? (this is pretty obvious)
Prince charles is a 72-year-old intern waiting for his first real job. (who?)
A kid who learned the alphabet must look at a computer keyboard and think the grown-ups are a bunch of idiots.
If Pinocchio was true, then every single fact in the universe could be verified by asking him to repeat it.
The biggest trolls in history are probably the people that named Iceland and Greenland.
There are more toy pandas than real pandas in the world.
If you wear a wool sweater under a sheepskin jacket, then you're basically wearing an inside out sheep.
Everyone's going crazy over these companies turning vegetables into hamburgers like it's something new when cows have been doing it for years.
We use \"Money doesn't grow on trees\" to imply that if it did grow on trees, we wouldn't have a shortage of wealth. And yet food grows on trees, and we still have world hunger.
Hand sanitizer leaves 1% of bacteria left, so it can reproduce, and they won't go bankrupt. (whoever wrote the original is dumb)
When you write on paper, you make it slightly heavier.
$20 is one adult dollar.
Every year, thousands of pets die because no one checks on them after their owner dies.
Home is where the tap water doesn't taste like anything. (it tastes like tap water)
Everyone has a \"off\" button if you punch them hard enough.
Many people's lives are simply one long trip between two hospitals.
Your digestive system both starts and ends with cheeks.
Whenever you have a good dream, reality becomes the nightmare.
Moonlight is 100% solar-powered.
Since yawning is contagious, someone might've started an endless yawning chain and has no idea.
Drivers who are in a hurry to beat traffic usually cased the accident that create the traffic they were trying to avoid.
People never actually get full of eating cheese, they just get tired of eating them.
If dogs could use phones, they'd file missing person reports all day long.
Mickey mouse is a lot scarier when you realize he has giant claws under his gloves.
Scooby Doo is a show that teaches kids that the villains in our lives are not strangers, but rather people we know and trust.
Someone somewhere is watering a plastic plant that they think is real.
Dogs enjoy squeaky toys because they sound like a dying prey.
Online photos of travel destinations are like spoilers of the world.
If self-driving cars becomes a huge industry, then an ice cream truck would become a mobile vending machine.
One day you're gonna think of someone for the last time without realizing it.
A piece of toast is an open face butter sandwich.
Tickling is a wholesome form of torture. (if you know, you know)
Carrot juice is technically orange juice.
Driving someone else's car is like using their controller settings and gaming.
Can there be accents in sign language?
The person who invented Wi-Fi, did it without Wi-Fi.
If police officers really want to decrease speeding, they should just sit in plain sight, rather than hiding.
Puns are like the inside jokes of a language.
Air guitars are technically wind instruments.
Why do we say hair when referring to a lot of it, but hairs, if only referring to a little? (people use \"hairs\"?)
Fruit has its own family tree.
Lemon bars are actually yellow because of the eggs, not the lemons.
The pictures that will be shown at your funeral have already been taken.
The reason that cheaters never win, is because the cheaters that did win never got caught.
A mix between a Pug and a Poodle is a Puddle.
If Ariel, from the Little Mermaid, thought forks were combs, did she think her dad ruled the sea with a giant hairbrush?
Why does \"Horrible\" and \"Horrific\" mean the exact same thing, but \"Terrible\" and \"Terrific\" are the exact opposite? (because english)
Your lap only exists when you're sitting. When you stand, it just becomes your legs again.
Can birds fly backwards? (just the hummingbird)
Water is really what a rainbow tastes like.
People in this exact moment went to sleep for the very last time, not knowing that they wouldn't wake up again.
Everyone has their first Christmas before they had their first birthday.
Yoda's first words is actually his second word, because he speaks backwards.
The people that did the famous sitcom laughter, all those people are pretty much dead.
About half of the universe is in your view at all times.
Brushing your teeth is really the only time you clean your skeleton.
Elsa was pretty athletic for someone that was locked in a room, since she was young, till she turned 21.
Your skin is waterproof. (water resistant*)
Someone could have the power to freeze time, and we would never notice.
One day, you'll be half-way through your life without even knowing it.
Everytime you fall asleep, you're trusting your body to keep breathing and working normally.
The reason Mickey Mouse:tm: has a dog, is to keep the cats away.
Nobody truly knows if passing away in your sleep is actually peaceful.
Your tongue knows exactly how everything you look at will feel.
Near-death experiences have a 0% fatality rate.
Glass slipper not disappearing with the rest of the clothes in Cinderella has to be one of the most overlooked plot holes ever. And if it fits perfectly, why did it fall off in the first place?
If your spouse dies, your marriage is considered a success.
We feel hunger with our stomachs, but thirst with our mouths.
A circle is a shape, a letter, and a number.
If fire didn't give off light, it'll be much more terrifying.
If practice makes perfect, how come waking up never gets any easier?
A bowl is a mix between a cup and a plate.
Your finger and toes are slowly 3D printing you nails.
What if an anesthetic doesn't make the pain go away, it just makes you forget that it happened?
If you touch your phone in the right places, a pizza will appear at your door.
At one point in our lives, we all kicked a pregnant lady.
When a morgue worker dies, he goes into work one last time.
Why is it when we're awake, and we exercise, we get tired. but when we're tired, and we exercise, it wakes us up?
One thing we learn from the lockdown is how a dog feels on a daily basis.
Rappers are poets with a different approach.
You're currently living in the memory of your future self. (similar to another)
At some point in our life, we stop playing with our shadow, and never think about it again.
If FedEx:tm: and UPS:tm: were to merge, would they be known as \"Fed UP\"?
The goal of acting, is to act like you're not acting.
Wile E. Coyote must have had money somewhere to get all that science stuff, so why didn't he just buy dinner? (that old chasing cartoon)
I wonder how many words I've never said in years, and how many I've forgotten I've said, and will never say again?
It's really good and convenient that Batman doesn't have any moles, birthmarks, or battle scars under his nose.